# Code of conduct - OpenAMR

## Our pledge

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as
contributors and maintainers pledge to make participation in our project and
our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body
size, disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression,
level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal
appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

## Our standards

Examples of behaviour that contributes to a positive environment for our
community include:

* Demonstrating empathy and kindness toward other people
* Being respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and experiences
* Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback
* Accepting responsibility and apologising to those affected by our mistakes,
  and learning from the experience
* Focusing on what is best not just for us as individuals, but for the
  overall community

Examples of unacceptable behaviour include:

* The use of sexualised language or imagery, and sexual attention or advances
* Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
* Public or private harassment
* Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or email
  address, without their explicit permission
* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
  professional setting

## Our responsibilities

Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of
acceptable behaviour and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in
response to any behaviour that they deem inappropriate,
threatening, offensive, or harmful.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject
comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are
not aligned to this Code of conduct, and will
communicate reasons for moderation decisions when appropriate.

## Scope

This Code of conduct applies within all community spaces, and also applies when
an individual is officially representing the community in public spaces.
Examples of representing our community include using an official e-mail address,
posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed
representative at an online or offline event.

## Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behaviour may be
reported to the community leaders responsible for enforcement at <info@botshare.ai>.
All complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly.

All community leaders are obligated to respect the privacy and security of the
reporter of any incident.

## Enforcement guidelines

Community leaders will follow these Community Impact Guidelines in determining
the consequences for any action they deem in violation of this Code of conduct:

### 1. Correction

**Community impact**: use of inappropriate language or other behaviour deemed
unprofessional or unwelcome in the community.

**Consequence**: a private, written warning from community leaders, providing
clarity around the nature of the violation and an explanation of why the
behaviour was inappropriate. A public apology may be requested.

### 2. Warning

**Community impact**: a violation through a single incident or series
of actions.

**Consequence**: a warning with consequences for continued behaviour. No
interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction with
those enforcing the Code of Conduct, for a specified period of time. This
includes avoiding interactions in community spaces as well as external channels
like social media. Violating these terms may lead to a temporary or
permanent ban.

### 3. Temporary ban

**Community impact**: a serious violation of community standards, including
sustained inappropriate behaviour.

**Consequence**: a temporary ban from any sort of interaction or public
communication with the community for a specified period of time. No public or
private interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction
with those enforcing the Code of conduct, is allowed during this period.
Violating these terms may lead to a permanent ban.

### 4. Permanent ban

**Community Impact**: demonstrating a pattern of violation of community
standards, including sustained inappropriate behaviour, harassment of an
individual, or aggression toward or disparagement of classes of individuals.

**Consequence**: A permanent ban from any sort of public interaction within
the community.

## Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant](https://contributor-covenant.org/), version
[1.4](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/code-of-conduct/code_of_conduct.md) and
[2.0](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct/code_of_conduct.md),
and was generated by [contributing-gen](https://github.com/bttger/contributing-gen).
